docs(vue-output-target): vue 3 output target walkthrough (#864)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/framework-integration/vue.md

Stencil can generate Vue component wrappers for your web components. This allows your Stencil components to be used within a Vue 3 application. The benefits of using Stencil's component wrappers over the standard web components include:

- Type checking with your components.
- Integration with the router link and Vue router.
- Optionally, form control web components can be used with `v-model`.

## Setup

### Project Structure

We recommend using a monorepo structure for your component library with component wrappers. Your project workspace should contain your Stencil component library and the library for the generate Vue component wrappers.

An example project set-up may look similar to:

```
top-most-directory/
└── packages/
    ├── vue-library/
    │   └── src/
    │       ├── lib/
    │       └── index.ts
    └── stencil-library/
        ├── stencil.config.js
        └── src/components
```

#### Creating a Stencil Component Library

> If you already have a Stencil component library, skip this section.

```bash
cd packages/
npm init stencil components stencil-library
cd stencil-library
# Install dependencies
npm install
# of if you are using yarn
yarn install
cd ..

> lerna bootstrap

Reviewer: We probably shouldn't assume any specific monorepo tooling. Folks using nx, bazel, etc. can probably figure out their equivalent command, but if someone's not coming from a monorepo tooling background and this is their first experience with it, they may be stuck scratching their heads here. My recommendation is we do a tooling-agnostic package linking here.

Reviewer: Otherwise, we should probably make a note that `lerna init` should be run on the `packages`(?) level before running this

Author: I added a new section that talks about how the walkthrough uses Lerna, but any monorepo solution would work. I now cover how to install Lerna globally on your machine, so that commands will work. I also outline what alternative behavior you would call if using a different monorepo solution.

Using a monorepo vs. package linking is valuable here, as we use some of the project scaffolding that lerna has to create a Vue base project.

```

#### Creating a Vue Component Library

> If you already have a Vue component library, skip this section.

The first time you want to create the component wrappers, you will need to have a Vue library package to write to.

Using Lerna and Vue's CLI, generate a workspace and a library for your Vue component wrappers:

```bash

> lerna init

Reviewer: Same comment regarding monorepo tooling. If I don't have lerna on my machine, so our instructions are "broken" for me on running `lerna init`.

> npm install typescript @types/node --save-dev

Reviewer: We may want to clarify that these should be run from the `top-most-directory/` - as a user I had to infer that from [this line](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-site/pull/864/files#diff-af403489927c5c8dffa93fe5aa0478c28408f6b160f7e3e029475f676a005321R76), which felt like it could have been a little smoother

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "module": "commonjs",
    "declaration": true,
    "noImplicitAny": false,
    "removeComments": true,
    "noLib": false,
    "emitDecoratorMetadata": true,
    "experimentalDecorators": true,
    "target": "es6",
    "sourceMap": true,
    "lib": ["es6"]
  },
  "exclude": ["node_modules", "**/*.spec.ts", "**/__tests__/**"]
}
```

Lerna does not create a `.gitignore` file, so we will manually create one:

```ts
node_modules/
lerna-debug.log
npm-debug.log
packages/*/lib
```

In your `vue-library` project, create a project specific `tsconfig.json` that will extend the root config:

```json
{
  "extends": "../../tsconfig.json",
  "compilerOptions": {
    "outDir": "./lib",
    "lib": ["dom", "es2020"],
    "module": "es2015",
    "moduleResolution": "node",
    "target": "es2017",
    "skipLibCheck": true
  },
  "include": ["src"],
  "exclude": ["node_modules"]
}
```

Update your `package.json`, adding the following options to the existing config:

```json
{
  "types": "lib/index.d.ts",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: run tests from root\" && exit 1",

>     "build": "npm run tsc",

Reviewer: I don't think we ever explicitly call this in the documentation - does this ever get called by lerna? I'm not sure which command in the documentation is invoking this if so

Author: You would run this command when building and publishing/distributing your Vue library. I suppose that could be a useful sub section so there isn't extra information in the doc that isn't being used anywhere

> ```json
> {
>   "types": "lib/index.d.ts",
>   "scripts": {
>     "test": "echo \"Error: run tests from root\" && exit 1",
>     "build": "npm run tsc",
>     "tsc": "tsc -p ."
>   },
>   "publishConfig": {
>     "access": "public"
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: Consider using `diff` as the markdown type to help illustrate what's new:
```suggestion
```diff
{
+  "types": "lib/index.d.ts",
  "scripts": {
-   "test": "echo \"Error: run tests from root\" && exit 1"
+   "test": "echo \"Error: run tests from root\" && exit 1",
+    "build": "npm run tsc",
+    "tsc": "tsc -p ."
  },
+  "publishConfig": {
+    "access": "public"
+  }
}
```
```

Author: TIL about the `diff` markdown type, that's super cool!

```bash
# Install dependency (from packages/stencil-library)
npm install @stencil/vue-output-target --save-dev
# of if you are using yarn
yarn add @stencil/vue-output-target --dev
```

In your project's `stencil.config.ts`, add the `vueOutputTarget` configuration to the `outputTargets` array:

```ts
import { vueOutputTarget } from '@stencil/vue-output-target';

export const config: Config = {
  namespace: 'stencil-library',
  outputTargets: [
    vueOutputTarget({
      componentCorePackage: 'your-stencil-library-package-name', // i.e.: stencil-library
      proxiesFile: '../vue-library/src/components.ts',
    }),
  ],
};
```

> The `proxiesFile` is the relative path to the file that will be generated with all the Vue component wrappers. You will replace the file path to match your project's structure and respective names. You can generate any file name instead of `components.ts`.

You can now build your Stencil component library to generate the component wrappers.

```bash
# Build the library and wrappers (from packages/stencil-library)
npm run build
# or if you are using yarn
yarn run build
```

> If the build is successful, you will not have contents in the file specifies in `proxiesFile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the build is successful, you will now have contents in the file specified in `proxiesFile`.
```

#### Vue Plugin

To register your web components for the lazy-loaded (hydrated) bundle, you will need to create a new file for the Vue plugin:

```ts
// packages/vue-library/src/plugin.ts

import { Plugin } from 'vue';
import { applyPolyfills, defineCustomElements } from 'stencil-library/loader';

export const ComponentLibrary: Plugin = {
  async install() {
    applyPolyfills().then(() => {
      defineCustomElements();
    });
  },
};
```

This plugin will be used by Vue applications as follows:

```ts
import { ComponentLibrary } from 'vue-library';

createApp(App).use(ComponentLibrary).mount('#app');

> ```

Reviewer: Does it make sense to have this snippet here? We repeat it not too much longer in the "Consumer Usage" section [here](https://github.com/ionic-team/stencil-site/pull/864/files#diff-af403489927c5c8dffa93fe5aa0478c28408f6b160f7e3e029475f676a005321R229-R236)

- Type checking with your components.
- Integration with the router link and Vue router.
- Optionally, form control web components can be used with `v-model`.

## Setup

### Project Structure

We recommend using a monorepo structure for your component library with component wrappers. Your project workspace should contain your Stencil component library and the library for the generate Vue component wrappers.

An example project set-up may look similar to:

```
top-most-directory/
└── packages/
    ├── vue-library/
    │   └── src/
    │       ├── lib/
    │       └── index.ts
    └── stencil-library/
        ├── stencil.config.js
        └── src/components
```

This guide uses Lerna for the monorepo, but you can use other solutions such as Nx, TurboRepo, etc.

To use Lerna with this walk through, globally install Lerna:

```bash
npm install --global lerna
# or if you are using yarn
yarn global add lerna
```

#### Creating a Monorepo

> If you already have a monorepo, skip this section.

```bash
# From your top-most-directory/
lerna init
# or if you are using other monorepo tools, initialize a workspace
npm install typescript @types/node --save-dev
# or if you are using yarn

> yarn add typescript @types/node --dev

Reviewer: This isn't as funky as it was to me originally, dismissing this comment
